ci: push rook image to other oci like quay,ghcr (#15274)
rook/rook: Documentation/Getting-Started/quickstart.md

!!! note
    These steps are for a standard production Rook deployment in Kubernetes. For Openshift, testing, or more options, see the [example configurations documentation](example-configurations.md).

!!! note

>     Rook images are available in multiple container repositories. For dockerHub it is available under https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/rook/ceph/tags org, for Quay it is available under https://quay.io/repository/rook/ceph and for ghcr images are available under https://github.com/orgs/rook/packages/container/package/ceph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Rook images are available in multiple container repositories. The examples by default reference [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/rook/ceph/tags). Images are also pushed to [Quay](https://quay.io/repository/rook/ceph?tab=tags) and [GHCR](https://github.com/orgs/rook/packages/container/package/ceph).
```

Reviewer: The link for [GHCR](https://github.com/orgs/rook/packages/container/package/ceph) is not working, I guess it will be working after the first push from master?

Author: Yess
